Growing up would be fun they say. But it goes by quick. For as long as I could remember, I wanted to be older. When I was 8 I wanted to be 10. When I was 10, I wanted to be 15. Now I don't want to grow up. Growing up is growing old and I'm getting closer to death every day. But not even just that. Getting a job, raising a family, owning a house. By growing up, I need some of those things to survive. But each day feels longer. Years are getting short. But the days feel never ending. Growing up would be fun they say, but it goes by quick. I understand what they mean now. These years won't last forever, but what comes next? Growing up is forcing yourself to be happy. Growing up is mandatory and I understand everyone has to grow up eventually and I wish I didn't wish to grow up so soon because I'm still young and even though the days feel long, years feel short. 

Growing up isn't what they explained. Growing up is stressful and draining. It almost feels like listening to a song on repeat. The song gets old. These days feel old. Don't waste your time. But what if the time I have is being wasted as we speak? Because as long as I could remember, I wanted to be older. Growing up doesn't have to be painful. But by the end of the day, we're all a step closer to the end while we don't realize it's becoming so soon. 

Growing up is growing old and growing old isn't like they said. Growing up is fun they say. But what's so fun about knowing that each day I live, I'm currently closer to the end of my existence?

